README.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
endif::[]
:toc: macro

= S3 Restructure Lambda

This Lambda function responds to S3 bucket notifications and will copy the
objects to a new directory structure based on the rules defined in environment
variables.

== Building

Building and testing the Lambda can be done with cargo: `cargo test build`.

In order to deploy this in AWS Lambda, it must first be built with the `cargo
lambda` command line tool, e.g.:

[source,bash]
----
cargo lambda build --release --output-format zip
----

This will produce the file: `target/lambda/lambda-delta-optimize/bootstrap.zip`

== Infrastructure

The `deployment.tf` file contains the necessary Terraform to provision the
function, a DynamoDB table for locking, and IAM permissions. This Terraform
does *not* provision an S3 bucket to optimize.

After configuring the necessary authentication for Terraform, the following
steps can be used to provision:

[source,bash]
----
cargo lambda build --release --output-format zip
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
----

[NOTE]
====
Terraform configures the Lambda to run with the smallest amount of memory allowed. For a sizable table, this may not be sufficient for larger tables.
====

=== Environment variables

The following environment variables must be set for the function to run properly

|===
| Name | Value | Notes

|===

== Licensing

This repository is intentionally licensed under the link:https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html[AGPL 3.0]. If your organization is interested in re-licensing this function for re-use, contact me via email for commercial licensing terms: `rtyler@buoyantdata.com`

Commit message:

Implement the meat of the lambda which copies objects from one place to another
This uses the routefinder crate for the purposes of providing input and output
matching patterns that will allow substitution

Sponsored-by: Noci Connect

README.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github[]
:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
endif::[]
:toc: macro

= S3 Restructure Lambda

This Lambda function responds to S3 bucket notifications and will copy the
objects to a new directory structure based on the rules defined in environment
variables.

toc::[]

== Building

Building and testing the Lambda can be done with cargo: `cargo test build`.

In order to deploy this in AWS Lambda, it must first be built with the `cargo
lambda` command line tool, e.g.:

[source,bash]
----
cargo lambda build --release --output-format zip
----

This will produce the file: `target/lambda/lambda-delta-optimize/bootstrap.zip`

== Infrastructure

The `deployment.tf` file contains the necessary Terraform to provision the
function, a DynamoDB table for locking, and IAM permissions. This Terraform
does *not* provision an S3 bucket to optimize.

After configuring the necessary authentication for Terraform, the following
steps can be used to provision:

[source,bash]
----
cargo lambda build --release --output-format zip
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
----

[NOTE]
====
Terraform configures the Lambda to run with the smallest amount of memory allowed. For a sizable table, this may not be sufficient for larger tables.
====

=== Environment variables

The following environment variables must be set for the function to run properly

|===
| Name | Value | Notes

| `INPUT_PATTERN`
| _required but empty by default_
| A prefix mapping that is compatible with the link:https://docs.rs/routefinder/0.5.3/routefinder/[routefinder] syntax, e.g. `some/prefix/with/:name/:filename` which makes the `name` and `filename`  parameters available in the output path.

| `OUTPUT_PATTERN`
| _required byt empty by default_
| A routefinder compatiblee path for rewriting the objects which match the `INPUT_MATCH` pattern, e.g. `archive/:name/:filename`

|===

[WARNING]
====
The parameters must all be present and match in the input and output patterns.
If there are variable segments of the `INPUT_PATTERN` which must be ignored, use the
special `:ignore` parameter name to ignore that segment but still allow it to match the output pattern
====

== Licensing

This repository is intentionally licensed under the link:https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html[AGPL 3.0]. If your organization is interested in re-licensing this function for re-use, contact me via email for commercial licensing terms: `rtyler@buoyantdata.com`
